very nice to see you samara
tell me what fate he is for a long time
I come get a little practice
actively lead friends to see samara
for a week samara has changed a lot
first impression well yes it is almost
ten years passed so thought 10 years
back was yes all built differently does not
find out the city we have to play with
team sergey uran and baltic you
know sergey u rand as a coach what
can you say what you expect or site yes
a couple of years worked with him
worked like a man to know such
assertive as if seeking his
I think the result will be good
the game is now like the last two
Baltic games won
so playing at home I think it will
interesting
a little about plans for the coming week
as far as I know you are even going to fly with
team on the game yes yes thank you team
that you decided to fly with the team on the game
there I will see the game from there
go home
This is your personal initiative .
go for such an internship in the wings
tips or the result will be like this
maybe work protection
Well, of course
I want to learn myself need to learn
work and well what kind of games or and
such a strong strong club for families and here
something like this
forget the team for sure and all
these years and yes very departure
emotional difficult for fans
for all who care about the team
now a very difficult struggle
what can you say about the wings of the councils
today how much do you like in which
team plays
Well, in general, as far as the pier gives
follow the championship of Russia closed
In particular, I follow the website of course.
team i can say just that
the team plays great if the team
drawing and how would such moments be a little bit
unlucky which are associated with the implementation
but in principle the team is gaining everything
momentum and I think that in the future
add up will do well
guys will wish to win
every game last win everything i
I think that she herself must owe
go out your league years fly by
actually turned out quite recently
everything was already as a coach
come again to visit us with someone from
old friends managed to meet already in
the club may be left people with
who ever worked while they were
ballista but with football players not much
football players left as they say
the management got the doctor and
and coaching staff Walter and there everyone
worker who are people who are friends
how would it be seen for